[DM-1977] Update screenshots in Protocol Integration: LWM2M (#828)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/protocol-integration/lwm2m-bundle/device-protocols.md

1. In the Device Management application, move to the **Device protocol** page.
2. Click **Add device protocol** in the top menu bar.
3. In the upcoming dialog select **LWM2M** as device protocol type.
4. Next, upload an appropriate DDF or XML file. DDF or XML files describe the data provided by your device. They are typically provided by the manufacturer or by standards bodies such as IPSO. There are also 3 "special" device protocols (DDF files) for standard OMA objects: 6 (location tracking), 5 (firmware update) and 3 (device information). If these files are not uploaded, then neither location tracking nor firmware updates will work. By default, the LWM2M agent adds mappings to these objects and knows how to "handle" their information without any additional configuration. The XML schema used by LWM2M can be found at [http://www.openmobilealliance.org/tech/profiles/LWM2M.xsd](http://www.openmobilealliance.org/tech/profiles/LWM2M.xsd). <br>
If the DDF files for the default mappings are uploaded in the {{< management-tenant >}}, all subscribed user tenants will inherit this behavior.

> 5. In the next dialog, you can see the name and description of the protocol. Click **Complete** to create the new device protocol. 

Author: Changed.

> The device protocol opens in a new page. You can the description at the top left while the ID, the creation date and the date of the last update are at the top right.

Reviewer: verb is missing in "You can the description ..."

Reviewer 2: > verb is missing in "You can the description ..."

oh, should be "You can find the description.." - i think that was my bad

Author: Updated.

> The device protocol opens in a new page. You can find the description at the top left while the ID, the creation date and the date of the last update are at the top right.

Author: Changed.

If the DDF files for the default mappings are uploaded in the {{< management-tenant >}}, all subscribed user tenants will inherit this behavior. <br><br>

![Upload DDF file](/images/device-protocols/lwm2m/lwm2m-uploadDDF.png)

5. In the next dialog, you can see the name and description of the protocol. Click **Complete** to create the new device protocol. <br><br>
If the DDF files for the default mappings are uploaded in the {{< management-tenant >}}, all subscribed user tenants will inherit this behavior.
5. In the next dialog, you can see the name and description of the protocol. Click **Complete** to create the new device protocol. 

![Upload DDF file](/images/device-protocols/lwm2m/lwm2m-uploadprotocol.png)
The device protocol opens in a new page. You can find the description at the top left while the ID, the creation date and the date of the last update are at the top right.

The device protocol will open in a new page.

> ![Example protocol](/images/device-protocols/lwm2m/lwm2m-protocol-example.png)

Author: Added.

> To access resource functionalities you need to proceed to the device protocol page and click on one of the resources instances. See below for the functionalities that you may enable:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To access resource functionalities proceed to the device protocol page and click one of the resource instances. See below for the functionalities that you may enable:
```

If the DDF files for the default mappings are uploaded in the {{< management-tenant >}}, all subscribed user tenants will inherit this behavior.
In the next dialog, you can see the name and description of the protocol. Click **Complete** to create the new device protocol. 

5. The device protocol opens in a new page that contains the object ID and description and the list of resources that belongs to this object. In this page additional functionalities to a resource can be added.

![Protocol example](/images/device-protocols/lwm2m/lwm2m-protocol-example.png)

> Below that, there is a list of resources configured for the device will be listed (which is empty when creating a new protocol), showing the ID, name and potentially configured functionalities for each resource.

Author: Done.

1. In the Device Management application, move to the **Device protocol** page.
2. Click **Add device protocol** in the top menu bar.

> 3. In the upcoming dialog select **LWM2M** as device protocol type. <br><br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. In the upcoming dialog select **LWM2M** as device protocol type.
```

Author: Done.

4. Next, upload an appropriate DDF or XML file. DDF or XML files describe the data provided by your device. They are typically provided by the manufacturer or by standards bodies such as IPSO. There are also 3 "special" device protocols (DDF files) for standard OMA objects: 6 (location tracking), 5 (firmware update) and 3 (device information). If these files are not uploaded, then neither location tracking nor firmware updates will work. By default, the LWM2M agent adds mappings to these objects and knows how to "handle" their information without any additional configuration. The XML schema used by LWM2M can be found at [http://www.openmobilealliance.org/tech/profiles/LWM2M.xsd](http://www.openmobilealliance.org/tech/profiles/LWM2M.xsd). <br>

> If the DDF files for the default mappings are uploaded in the {{< management-tenant >}}, all subscribed user tenants will inherit this behavior. <br><br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the DDF files for the default mappings are uploaded in the {{< management-tenant >}}, all subscribed user tenants will inherit this behavior.
```

Author: Done.

> 5. In the next dialog, you can see the name and description of the protocol. Click **Complete** to create the new device protocol. <br><br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. In the next dialog, you can see the name and description of the protocol. Click **Complete** to create the new device protocol.
```

Author: Done.

The device protocol will open in a new page.

> In the device protocol page, you will see the description at the top left and the ID, the creation date and date of the last update at the top right.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this page, you see the description at the top left and the ID, the creation date and the date of the last update at the top right.
```
Also make this one paragraph with "The device protocol will open in a new page."

Author: Done.

> Below, a list of resources configured for the device will be listed (which is empty when creating a new protocol), showing the ID, name and potentially configured functionalities for each resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below that, there is a list of resources configured for the device (which is empty when creating a new protocol), showing the ID, name and potentially configured functionalities for each resource.
```

Author: Done.

LWM2M protocol resources cannot be edited.
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

<a name="resources"></a>
### Adding additional functionalities to a resource

> The functionalities that you may enable are the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See below for the functionalities that you may enable.
```

Not that it was particularly clear how to get here even with the screenshots, but now it's quite nebulous. A sentence is missing that explains how to access resource functionalities.

Author: Added.

Turn on **Custom Actions** to map LWM2M data into {{< product-c8y-iot >}} using custom data processing actions. For specialized integration use cases, it is required to perform customized data processing on LWM2M data. One example are LWM2M resources of the OPAQUE data type that contain proprietary, binary data, CBOR, XML or alike.

{{< product-c8y-iot >}} LWM2M allows the set of custom actions to be extended using decoder microservices. A decoder microservice is an ordinary {{< product-c8y-iot >}} microservice that implements a simple decoder interface. The LWM2M agent calls this microservice for decoding data in a customer-specific way. We are providing an according example how to write such a decoder microservice in our public [GitHub repository](https://github.com/SoftwareAG/cumulocity-examples).

##### Predefined custom actions

There are several predefined custom actions which can be selected to apply actions to the relevant resources.

> Actions that are relevant for device object (object id /3):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Actions that are relevant for a device object (object ID /3):
```
not sure if "a" or "the" (device) is better here?

Turn on **Custom Actions** to map LWM2M data into {{< product-c8y-iot >}} using custom data processing actions. For specialized integration use cases, it is required to perform customized data processing on LWM2M data. One example are LWM2M resources of the OPAQUE data type that contain proprietary, binary data, CBOR, XML or alike.

{{< product-c8y-iot >}} LWM2M allows the set of custom actions to be extended using decoder microservices. A decoder microservice is an ordinary {{< product-c8y-iot >}} microservice that implements a simple decoder interface. The LWM2M agent calls this microservice for decoding data in a customer-specific way. We are providing an according example how to write such a decoder microservice in our public [GitHub repository](https://github.com/SoftwareAG/cumulocity-examples).

##### Predefined custom actions

There are several predefined custom actions which can be selected to apply actions to the relevant resources.

> Actions that are relevant for Device (/3):

Reviewer 2: what does "(/3)" mean?
also, there might be an article missing and why is "Device" capitalized?
same for the line containing "(/4)" below (i can't comment it directly)

Author: They are object ID's for LWM2M shell commands. Added explanation and example.

- device:updateFirmwareVersion
  - Stores to the device managed object with the `c8y_Hardware` fragment &ldquo;revision&rdquo; property.

> Actions that are relevant for connectivity monitoring (object id /4):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Actions that are relevant for connectivity monitoring (object ID /4):
```

  - In the same measurement, stores device name information in &ldquo;device!Name&rdquo; fragment.
  - In the same measurement, stores device mobile information in &ldquo;device!c8y_Mobile&rdquo; fragment.

Below is an example where the “connectivity:updateRssi” custom action is selected for the Connectivity monitoring (/4) radio signal strength in order to create the signal measurement for the device.

![Custom action example](/images/device-protocols/lwm2m/lwm2m-custom-action-connectivity-signal.png)

#### Auto observe

If **Auto-Observe** is turned on for a resource, the LWM2M server observes a specific resource for changes.

![Auto-observe example](/images/device-protocols/lwm2m/lwm2m-autoobserve.png)

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
At least one functionality must be set to enable "Auto observe".
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

### Alarms on device protocol mapping failures

> There are 2 types of alarms raised related to device protocol mapping failures:

Reviewer 3: two instead of 2
@rssag can you confirm?

Author: Updated.

At least one functionality must be set to enable "Auto observe".
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

> ![Resource](/images/device-protocols/lwm2m/lwm2m-autoobserve.png)

Reviewer 2: this screenshot had the information that there is an icon in the resources list that means "auto-observe active for the resource". without the screenshot, this information is lost, unless we add a sentence explaining it.

Author: Done.

Author: I brought back the screenshot in line above.

> There are 2 types of alarms raised related to device protocol mapping failures.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are 2 types of alarms raised related to device protocol mapping failures:
```

Author: Done.
